# packages in environment at /opt/homebrew/Caskroom/miniforge/base/envs/mvenv:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
absl-py                   0.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
aiohttp                   3.7.4.post0      py38hea4295b_0    conda-forge
appnope                   0.1.2            py38h10201cd_1    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               20.1.0           py38hea4295b_2    conda-forge
astor                     0.8.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
astunparse                1.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-timeout             3.0.1                   py_1000    conda-forge
async_generator           1.10                       py_0    conda-forge
attrs                     21.2.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.2.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
backports                 1.0                        py_2    conda-forge
backports.functools_lru_cache 1.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
bleach                    4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
blinker                   1.4                        py_1    conda-forge
brotlipy                  0.7.0           py38hea4295b_1001    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.17.2               h3422bc3_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2021.5.30            h4653dfc_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cachetools                4.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
certifi                   2021.5.30        py38h10201cd_0    conda-forge
cffi                      1.14.6           py38h0957451_0    conda-forge
chardet                   4.0.0            py38h10201cd_1    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
click                     8.0.1            py38h10201cd_0    conda-forge
cryptography              3.4.7            py38h3c0dae5_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
dataclasses               0.8                pyhc8e2a94_3    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.4.1            py38h6f2b01f_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.0.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             pyhd8ed1ab_1003    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.4               h17b34a0_1    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2           py38h10201cd_3    conda-forge
gast                      0.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-auth               1.35.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
google-auth-oauthlib      0.4.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
google-pasta              0.2.0              pyh8c360ce_0    conda-forge
grpcio                    1.38.1           py38h69ee544_0    conda-forge
h5py                      2.10.0          nompi_py38hb525b2d_106    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.6          nompi_h0fc092c_1114    conda-forge
idna                      3.1                pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        4.8.1            py38h10201cd_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        4.8.1                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.3.1            py38h2cb4d76_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.27.0           py38h2cb4d76_0    conda-forge
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                      py_1    conda-forge
ipywidgets                7.6.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jbig                      2.1               h3422bc3_2003    conda-forge
jedi                      0.18.0           py38h10201cd_2    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
joblib                    1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9d                   h27ca646_0    conda-forge
jsonpickle                2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0            py38h10201cd_6    conda-forge
jupyter_client            7.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.4.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.7.1            py38h10201cd_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.1.2              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keras                     2.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
keras-preprocessing       1.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.3.2            py38h1670459_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.19.2               hd92b7a7_0    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.12                 had6a04f_0    conda-forge
lerc                      2.2.1                h9f76cd9_0    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           11_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           11_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.78.0               h8fe1914_0    conda-forge
libcxx                    12.0.1               h168391b_0    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.7                  h27ca646_5    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         hc8eb9b7_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h642e427_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.3                  h9f76cd9_2    conda-forge
libgfortran               5.0.0.dev0      11_0_1_hf114ba7_23    conda-forge
libgfortran5              11.0.1.dev0         hf114ba7_23    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           11_osxarm64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.43.0               hf3018f0_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.17          openmp_h5dd58f0_1    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hf7e6567_2    conda-forge
libprotobuf               3.17.2               hccf11d3_1    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h27ca646_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                hb80f160_6    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.3.0                hc6122e1_1    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.2.1                h3422bc3_0    conda-forge
llvm-openmp               12.0.1               hf3c4609_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.9.3                hbdafb3b_1    conda-forge
markdown                  3.3.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.0.1            py38hea4295b_0    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.4.3            py38h150bfb4_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.4.3            py38hb140015_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mido                      1.2.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py38hea4295b_1004    conda-forge
more-itertools            8.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
multidict                 5.1.0            py38hea4295b_1    conda-forge
music21                   6.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.5.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 6.1.0            py38h10201cd_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.2                  h9aa5885_4    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.4.3              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
np_utils                  0.5.12.1           pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.19.5           py38hbf7bb01_2    conda-forge
oauthlib                  3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
olefile                   0.46               pyh9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
openjpeg                  2.4.0                h062765e_1    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1l               h3422bc3_0    conda-forge
opt_einsum                3.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
packaging                 21.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pillow                    8.3.2            py38h02acf36_0    conda-forge
pip                       20.2.4                     py_0    conda-forge
pretty_midi               0.2.9              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.11.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.20             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.20               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
protobuf                  3.17.2           py38h6f2b01f_0    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pyasn1                    0.4.8                      py_0    conda-forge
pyasn1-modules            0.2.7                      py_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.20               pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
pydub                     0.25.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.10.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyjwt                     2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyopenssl                 20.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyparsing                 2.4.7              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
pyrsistent                0.17.3           py38hea4295b_2    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1            py38h10201cd_3    conda-forge
python                    3.8.10          hf9733c0_1_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-flatbuffers        2.0                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.8                      2_cp38    conda-forge
pyu2f                     0.1.5              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     22.2.1           py38h51b17a6_0    conda-forge
readline                  8.1                  hedafd6a_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.26.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests-oauthlib         1.3.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rsa                       4.7.2              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.7.0            py38hd0c9ec0_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
setuptools                58.0.3           py38h10201cd_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.36.0               h72a2b83_0    conda-forge
tensorboard               2.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
tensorboard-data-server   0.6.0            py38h10d4710_0    conda-forge
tensorboard-plugin-wit    1.8.0              pyh44b312d_0    conda-forge
tensorflow                2.4.0rc0                 pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow-addons         0.11.2                   pypi_0    pypi
tensorflow-estimator      2.5.0              pyh81a9013_1    conda-forge
termcolor                 1.1.0                      py_2    conda-forge
terminado                 0.12.0           py38h10201cd_0    conda-forge
testpath                  0.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.11               he1e0b03_1    conda-forge
tornado                   6.1              py38hea4295b_1    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typeguard                 2.12.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         3.10.0.0             hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         3.10.0.0           pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   1.26.6             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.5              pyh9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
webcolors                 1.11.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
werkzeug                  2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.37.0             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1            py38h10201cd_4    conda-forge
wrapt                     1.12.1           py38hea4295b_3    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.5                h642e427_1    conda-forge
yarl                      1.6.3            py38hea4295b_2    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                hbdafb3b_1    conda-forge
zipp                      3.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h31e879b_1009    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.0                h861e0a7_0    conda-forge
